Where is your card?
How could you have a drug incident?
I don’t want you to be the king of the building we beg for.
Are you lying about this medicine?
Asking? That’s right
It's the big ball type of the king of buildings who accepts the foundation of Yuncheng
Oops, I've only had two issues. It's over.
Bragging, Loucheng is strong. Is this Loucheng strong?
After only a few years of posting, can you get the Yuncheng ground?
The building next door is solid
Because Mr. Wang, the building should not be stronger than the open space.
Just by the river head next to the common people
Just what
He's just a piece of shit who was abandoned by me
Now I'll send it back now
Let's go to Xinfa
What do you think?
Emperor Yun Chou has already divided it among me.
I just want to leave like this